what's up guys
hopefully early morning again I am NOT
as you may know
going to work
you're going to Victoria British
Columbia is over on Vancouver Island
to see my mom who took a bit of a tumble
yesterday and don't over to make sure
she's okay
and I thought this would give me a good
opportunity and show you guys one of the
best things about owning a motorcycle in
Vancouver
which is
namely the ferry system
you have a motorcycle
you are you essentially get guaranteed a
guaranteed spot on the ferry it's kind
of like having a reservation and beyond
that you're also like the first on the
first off so and it's cheaper Quito yeah
I don't write out this
pretty good to go all lit up with a
motorcycle
up ahead there buddy
the land of birch have you got to see up
there there's a guy's a load of would-be
cedar the whole smells like this is like
an intense smell I feel like I'm gonna
sauna except I'm freezing cold sauna
sort of new invention Vitus Swedes
you
okay so I moved over here normally I'd
be right at the front over there but
because I was so slacking idle getting
out of an Coover um I had to pour I
poured it late and and so I didn't board
first so that's why I'm way back here
but this land will go first
hello sorry
yep
Oh
102 102 is that way over there
oh okay sorry I thought you said why
don't you
doesn't seem like a very high level of
you know
see all these other poor slogs can the
enemy they get to line up in these
tremendous lines you know some of these
people may not even make it man
the other cool thing about taking a
motorcycle is it's uh occasionally other
people there with motorcycles and you
get to have a little chat a day like
today maybe not one or two these one or
two is probably the guys with resort
reservations take your car you do
reservation you pay a little extra you
get a shirt boarding however you still
end up warning behind the motorcycles
which is just the way the world should
work in my opinion
no there isn't motorcycle there all
right scooter all scoff uber scooter
okay so not the first to get off
technically
what a beautiful day
Oh attributed Camry there